python: Update requirements for Server type and PostgreSQL version in python-django-sample (#845)
CleverCloud/doc.clever-cloud.com: deploy/application/python/tutorials/python-django-sample.md

## Configure your Django application

Note : 

> - Select at least a Nano instance (Pico doesn't have enough resources for a Django project).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select at least a `nano` scaler (`pico` doesn't have enough resources for a Django project).
- Connect your Django project to PostgreSQL version 12 if you're using Django 4.2+ (PostgreSQL 11 is deprecated since this version).
```

> Note : 
> - Select at least a Nano instance (Pico doesn't have enough resources for a Django project).
> - Connect your Django project to Postgresql version 12 if you're using django 4.2+ (postgresql 11 is deprecated since this version).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note:
 
- Select at least a `nano` scaler (`pico` doesn't have enough resources for a Django project).
- Connect your Django project to PostgreSQL version 12 if you're using Django 4.2+ (PostgreSQL 11 is deprecated since this version).
```
